Trace Bells and Whistles Checklist for Grading
(submit ONLY if you have implemented any B&Ws in the following)

HKUST login(s): whuak@connect.ust.hk	hjiangav@connect.ust.hk

Delete yes/no when appropriate

W adaptive termination					yes
W antialiasing by supersampling				yes
+W jittering							yes
B spot lights							no
B background image						yes
+B? background image box (please see below)		yes
B accelerate shadow atteuation				no
B overlapping tranparent objects				no
BW texture mapping (diffuse and transparent)	no
BW antialiasing by adaptive supersampling		yes
BW Warn model							no
2B bump mapping							no
2B solid/procedural texture					no
2B new geometry (quadrics)					no
2B height fields							no
2B DoF 								yes
1.5B soft shadows 						yes
1.5B glossy reflection					yes
3B high lever geometry (e.g. metaballs)		no
3B ray-intersection optimization				no
4B realistic shading model					no
4B CSG								no
4B caustics							no

Instructions on using our program to see the BW:
Our sliders and buttons may not be completely arranged in order. Please see below for more information.

1. Adaptive Termination: Please use the "threshold" slider to control the adaptive termination. (If value of the threshold is 0, there no adaptive termication)
2. Supersampling: Please change 'Antialiasing Mode' to 'Supersampling(BW2)', and use 'number of subpixels' slider to control the number of subpixels.
3. Jittering: Please change 'Antialiasing Mode' to 'Jittering(BW2)', and use 'number of subpixels' slider to control the number of subpixels.
			The noise can be noticed on object boundaries if number of subpixels is set to 1.
4. Background Image: I implemented more than what's described in the course website. In fact, I implemented 'background image box' of University of Washington's
			2021 Fall version of their CG course CSE457. This bonus is worth 2 bells there, so I would also like to apply for 2 Bells for my implementation
			in our project. To see this effect, please first click on 'Background Image Box' button and choose 'GoldenGate' DIRECTORY (NOT FILE) in ./bonus .
			Then, load 'BackgroundImageBox.ray' from ./bonus, set depth to 2 or more, and then render. You can see the 'front background' as the background,
			and 'other direction of background images' on the reflected sphere.
			For more information, please refer to UW's course website: courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse457/21au/src/trace/trace.php#bells
5. Adaptive Supersampling: Please change 'Antialiasing Mode' to 'Adaptive(BW8)'. This works as fast as Supersampling with 2/3 subpixels but its effect is better.
6. Please turn on the related buttons to see the effect. To reduce noise, you may switch antialiasing mode to 'Jittering' (Then it's Monte Carlo Path
			Tracing here).
	6.1. DoF: You can test it using ./bonus/depthOfField.ray . You are suggested to adjust "DOF Focus Depth" to 3.3, 5.8 or 8.7 to see good effects.
	6.2. Soft Shadows: You can test it using ./bonus/softShadows.ray .
	6.3. Glossy Reflection: You can test it using ./bonus/glossyReflection.ray .

RayTracing requires time, and we did not implement accelaration, so please be patient to wait for the effects! Thank you for your time!